zaman,time,Time flies when you're having fun.
yıl,year,This year went by so quickly.
insanlar,people,People come from all walks of life.
yol,way,There's more than one way to solve a problem.
gün,day,Today is a beautiful day.
adam,man,The man walked briskly down the street.
şey,thing,That thing over there looks interesting.
kadın,woman,The woman smiled warmly at her child.
hayat,life,Life is full of surprises.
çocuk,child,The child giggled with joy.
dünya,world,The world is vast and diverse.
okul,school,I learned a lot in school today.
durum,state,The current state of affairs is uncertain.
aile,family,Family is important for emotional support.
öğrenci,student,The student eagerly raised her hand to answer.
grup,group,Let's work together as a group.
ülke,country,My country is known for its beautiful landscapes.
problem,problem,Solving this problem requires creativity.
el,hand,He extended his hand in friendship.
parça,part,Every part of the machine has a specific function.
yer,place,Let's find a quiet place to talk.
dava,case,In this case we need more evidence.
hafta,week,I'm looking forward to the weekend.
şirket,company,I enjoy working for this company.
sistem,system,The system needs to be updated regularly.
program,program,I enrolled in a coding program.
soru,question,Do you have a question about the assignment?
iş,work,Hard work always pays off.
devlet,government,The government announced new policies today.
sayı,number,Can you give me your phone number?
gece,night,The stars shine brightly at night.
nokta,point,His argument had a valid point.
ev,home,There's no place like home.
su,water,Water is essential for life.
oda,room,Please tidy up your room.
anne,mother,My mother makes the best homemade cookies.
alan,area,This area is known for its high crime rate.
para,money,Money can't buy happiness but it helps.
hikaye,story,Tell me a story from your childhood.
hakikat,fact,It's a well-known fact that exercise is good for health.
ay,month,My birthday is next month.
çok,lot,There's a lot to do before the party.
sağ,right,Everyone deserves the right to speak their mind.
çalışmak,study,I need to study for my exams.
kitap,book,I lost myself in a good book last night.
göz,eye,Her eyes sparkled with excitement.
meslek,job,Finding a job in this economy is tough.
kelime,word,His word is as good as gold.
işletme,business,She runs a successful business.
sorun,issue,Climate change is a pressing issue.
taraf,side,Let's look at this issue from both sides.
nazik,kind,It's important to be kind to others.
kafa,head,He scratched his head trying to remember.
konut,house,Their house is located in a quiet neighborhood.
hizmet,service,The customer service here is excellent.
arkadaş,friend,A true friend is always there for you.
baba,father,My father taught me how to ride a bike.
güç,power,With great power comes great responsibility.
saat,hour,The meeting will start in an hour.
oyun,game,Let's play a game of chess.
çizgi,line,Please wait in line for your turn.
son,end,This is just the beginning not the end.
üye,member,She's a valuable member of our team.
kanun,law,It's important to abide by the law.
araba,car,His dream car is a classic Mustang.
şehir,city,New York City never sleeps.
toplum,community,We need to build a strong sense of community.
isim,name,What's your name again?
başkan,president,The president addressed the nation last night.
takım,team,We work well together as a team.
dakika,minute,I'll be there in just a minute.
fikir,idea,She came up with a brilliant idea.
fare,mouse,I saw a small mouse in the garden.
vücut,body,Exercise is good for both the mind and body.
bilgi,information,We need more information to make a decision.
geri,back,He carried the heavy load on his back.
ebeveyn,parent,Parents play a crucial role in a child's development.
yüz,face,Her face lit up with joy.
diğerleri,others,Let's consider the needs of others.
seviye,level,She reached a new level of success.
ofis,office,I have a meeting at the office tomorrow.
kapı,door,Please close the door behind you.
sağlık,health,Good health is priceless.
kişi,person,Each person has their own unique story.
sanat,art,Art can evoke powerful emotions.
savaş,war,War brings devastation and suffering.
tarih,history,Studying history helps us understand the present.
parti,party,Let's have a party to celebrate!
sonuç,result,Hard work always leads to positive results.
değiştirmek,change,Change is inevitable embrace it.
sabah,morning,I love the smell of fresh coffee in the morning.
sebep,reason,What's the reason behind your decision?
araştırma,research,The research findings were groundbreaking.
kız,girl,The little girl skipped happily along the path.
ayna,mirror,I always check myself in the mirror before leaving the house.
an,moment,Cherish every moment for time is fleeting.
hava,air,The air was crisp and clean after the rain.
öğretmen,teacher,The teacher explained the concept clearly.
kuvvet,force,The police had to use force to control the crowd.
eğitim,education,Education is the key to a brighter future.